# JavaScript Resources

There's a lot to learn about the JavaScript language! As a multi-paradigm
language that supports both functional and object-oriented programming styles,
JavaScript has many features that we only just scratch the surface of in the
program. Use these resources to level up your JavaScript understanding, and make
it easier to learn new JS tools and frameworks.

## Eloquent JS

The book <a href="https://eloquentjavascript.net/" target="_blank">Eloquent
Javascript</a> is available online. There are 21 chapters, of which 5 are
projects. Assuming that some of the book will be review, completing the whole
book (projects and all) should take 6-10 focused hours.

You can tackle the book in chunks. Set time on your calendar, with events named
something like 'EJS: Chapter 1-2'. Work your way from the beginning to the end.
Do not skip the exercises! Even if they appear simple, they help you know for
sure that you have actually learned the material in each chapter, not just
skimmed.

## You Don't Know JS

- Master the 'Deep Fundamentals' of Javascript

The book series <a href="https://github.com/getify/You-Dont-Know-JS"
target="_blank">You Don't Know JS</a> is available on Github. The series
comprises six mini-books.

- Up & Going
- Scope & Closures
- this & Object Prototypes
- Types & Grammar
- Async & Performance
- ES6 & Beyond

The books are meant to be read in order. Completing the whole series should take
6-10 focused hours.

You can tackle the book in chunks. Set time on your calendar, with events named
something like 'YDKJS: Chapter 1-2'. Work your way from the beginning to the
end. Do not skip the quizzes and exercises! Even if they appear simple, they
help you know for sure that you have actually learned the material in each
chapter, not just skimmed.

## Learn a New Framework

At this point, you should be fairly comfortable working in React. React
continues to grow in popularity, so taking the time to hone your skills is
worthwhile, especially as you are likely including React as a prominent skill on
your resume.

However, if you find you are looking for a new challenge and want to expand your
skillset, there are other front-end frameworks that you might consider, such as:

- <a href="https://vuejs.org/" target="_blank">Vue.js</a>
- <a href="https://svelte.dev/" target="_blank">Svelte</a>

Go through the tutorials for each of these frameworks and try and learn about
the design decisions that went into making them. What do they do differently
from React, and from each other? Why?

## Learn Upcoming JavaScript Features

JavaScript as a language is constantly evolving. New features are added via
official proposals to a working group of developers: the TC39 committee.

Explore all the new proposals here:

- <a href="<https://github.com/tc39/proposals>" target="_blank">https://github.com/tc39/proposals</a>

What reasons are given for these new features? How would you use them in your
own projects? Some proposals may even already be available in certain browsers,
or via <a href="https://github.com/babel/proposals" target="_blank">Babel</a>!
